Here are some ways *you* can contribute:

* by using alpha, beta, and prerelease versions
* by reporting bugs
* by suggesting new features
* by [translating to a new language][locales]
* by writing or editing documentation
* by writing specifications
* by writing code (**no patch is too small**: fix typos, add comments, clean up
  inconsistent whitespace)
* by refactoring code
* by closing [issues][]
* by reviewing patches

[locales]: https://github.com/democrats/voter-registration/tree/master/config/locales
[issues]: https://github.com/democrats/voter-registration/issues

## Submitting an Issue
We use the [GitHub issue tracker][issues] to track bugs and features. Before
submitting a bug report or feature request, check to make sure it hasn't
already been submitted. You can indicate support for an existing issue by
voting it up. When submitting a bug report, please include a [Gist][] that
includes a stack trace and any details that may be necessary to reproduce the
bug, including your gem version, Ruby version, and operating system. Ideally, a
bug report should include a pull request with failing specs.

[gist]: https://gist.github.com/

## Submitting a Pull Request
1. Fork the project.
2. Create a topic branch. (`git checkout -b my_awesome_branch`)
3. Implement your feature or bug fix.
4. Add tests for your feature or bug fix.
5. Run `bundle exec rake spec`. If your changes are not 100% covered, go back
   to step 4.
6. Commit your changes. (`git commit -am "Added some cool things"`)
7. Push to the branch (`git push origin my_awesome_branch`)
8. Submit a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)


